Changed `DeltaScale` default to virtual time, added explicit constructors (#332)
projectharmonia/bevy_enhanced_input: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Improve action evaluation logging.

> - **Breaking**: `DeltaScale::default()` now uses virtual time instead of real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DeltaScale::default()` now uses virtual time instead of real time. This is most likely what you want, since it's equivalent to getting the delta from [the default `Time` resource](https://docs.rs/bevy/latest/bevy/prelude/struct.Time.html). If you want the original behavior, use `DeltaScale::real_time()`.
```
